---
title: Hello World
date: 2021-06-19
permalink: /posts/2021/06/Hello-World/
---

Ah yes. My very own website at last (This is literally a fork of a Jekyll theme, but whatever). I finally sat on a saturday morning and decided to create one.

So why is a computer science undergrad indulging himself with writing blogs? Well, I never considered myself much of a writer. But what I think of myself is I am a deep thinker, not just confined to technology, but also about philosophy and life. And from time to time, I enjoy putting my thoughts into words.

This will also serve as a repository containing all my thoughts and experiences, for both you and me to cherish from time to time. The other selfish reason for me to start this blog is I really want to horne my writing skills, which I feel is a neglected skill and considered non essential, amongst the modern day tech-saavy Gen Z's. 

> Hello, but who dis?

I am Rohan Kamath, I am a computer science graduate from PES University bangalore. I cover my favorite rock and metal bands on my Ibanez GSR205 5-String Bass Guitar. I enjoy competative gaming (I am a Global Elite, the highest rank in Counter Strike Global Offensive. Only 0.68% of the playing population have attained this rank) and reading deep, dark and convoluted philosophical books of Nietzsche and Dostoevsky. And I love puppies. 

> Why should I read dis?

You really dont have to. I have a very sporadic personality, who thinks about random stuff all the time and I does not has a goodest english. But if you are interested in knowing what I am up too, may it be research oriented or for fun, this is the place. Lets keep this a no judging zone. 

In short, enjoy your stay. When it comes to copyright issues or grammatical errors, feel free to contact me. Lastly follow my [Twitter](https://twitter.com/rohan__kamath) to feed into my ego.


